3/27/2021
Progress:
  3/25/2021
--Changed the display metadata for instructors to display as Instructor.
--Added new display name in metadata for lists of employees that include Administrators and Instructors.
--Added the department code to the sections page.
--Created a class for the Syllabus and added the data from the entity framework.
--Changed display name for employees in the index and sections cshtml.
--Changed display name in the Instructor _Index partial view.
--Changed display name in the sections Index page.
--Updated the sections details page with metadata for startDate and endDate
	and instructor name.
--Updated Employee details page to use one name instead of first and last name separately

  3/14/2021
--Fixed Instructor CSS and search box.
--Added ActionResult to the employees controller that returns sections tuaght by an instructor.
--Added a View to employees folder that displays an instructors sections
--Clicking the Instructor on the Faculty page now brings anyone visiting the site to a list of sections taught by the instructor.
--Rearranged the order of the sections output to look better and make more sense.

Issues: 
  Was unable to get the links from the homepage to carry the employee Id to send them to pages made for the user.
  I think this maybe because it is a partial page. 
  Can't proceed with the creation of the syllabus itself, until the user can create and select policies specific to them.
  
 Goals:
 Attempt to fix the user specific pages by using a normal view instead of the partial in a similar manner that I handled the Instructor page.
 

3/7/2021
Progress:
--Added link to the main page for the instructors.
--Filtered the faculty page to the instructors only
--Started work on a filter by name for the instructors page.
--Removed scaffolding links on the instructor page to make it read only.
--Changed metadata names on the Section page.
--Filtered times out of course start and end dates.
--Changed course title to say "Course Name" to avoid confusion on the section page.
--Changed section title to say "Section" to avoid confusion with the course title.


Issues:
After commiting to github neither the app or the data projects work, they both say unloaded.
For some reason the css on one of my pages is just not existant.
I'm having trouble getting a filter I have to work.

Goals:
Meet with Amanda to fix the filter and css.
Make it so when you click on an instructor it shows the sections they teach. 
Eventually I want them to be clickable and they will bring up the syllabus for that section. 

2/21/2021
Progress:
Met with Bob and Stacy and finalized our ERD aside from the login.
Met with Stacy and got the final EDMX on both our machines with a functioning login.
Picked a Bootswatch theme with Stacy.
Made a template for each table for microapps to make new and organized data for remaining tables.

Issues:
Waiting on microapps to bring back data for tables.
Waiting to hear back from Stacy about how to relate the login tables to the rest of the ERD.

Goals:
Populate the remaining tables with the data from microapps.
Start making controllers and scaffolding.

2/7/2021
Progress:
Added a .gitignore file and no longer have merge conflicts.

Issues:
Need to meet with Amanda and Bob to talk about how to handle the login portion of the project.

Goals:
Populate tables with data from Patrick and Jeff.



2/6/2021
Progress:
Put tables in the SQL Server. 
Imported the EDMX into Visual Studio.
Made a table value Enumerated.

Issues:
I currently am having a merge conflict with github so I cannot pull the project.

Goals:
Install a .gitignore and see if that fixes the conflict.
Populate the tables on the server, at least enough for testing now.

1/31/2021
Progress:
Discussed requirements for the ERD with Stacy. 
Met with Bob and Stacy, and discussed Bob's syllabus engine, which also uses a database.

Issues:
I need to meet with Amanda to see how she wants the project to function. 
What sort of inputs the Teachers or Administrators need to access, change, keep up to date.

Goals: 
Finish the ERD update SQLDBM to build the tables on the SQL Server, and build the edmx file.

1/24/2021
Progress:
Started Creating the ERD for the program.
Changed Entity table names to singular to match Database coding standards.
So far we have five entities with primary keys: Institution, Instructor, Administrator, Class, and Section.
Each Entity has a couple properties that I think will make the automation process relatively easy.
Have been working with stacy to determine the needs for our ERD

Issues:
Everytime I compare the mock data to my ERD I see spots I need to modify or add to.
Also I haven't heard from Deo at all, and he hasn't joined our slack.

Goals:
Finish the ERD.
Populate the server with mock data.
