Saved Templates to show the team.
Started to think about Color Schemes.
Wanted to contact the team as far as a company name so I can start to think about logos.
Attended optional class so I could get in touch with my team and have them add me to the slack channel.

1/19/21
Met with Lamon for about 10 minutes. 
I sent him some ideas that I had for the Logo.
We agreed on a template. 
I will work on adjusting the contents of the template to fit our needs.
On Monday we will show the team the template and start to build a wire frame.

1/24/21
Stripped the template chosen for the website and added in sections specific to Syllabest.
Will show the team tomorrow to get feedback on what needs to be adjusted/added etc.
Received the logo from Lamon! Looks great - Need to figure out a way to make it bigger without it becoming blurry.

1/30/21
Met with Lamon, Patrick, and Jeff on 1/26/21
Spoke about the layout and color scheme. We want to make sure everything flows and matches so Patrick and Jeff are making adjustments to the brochure.
Talked about the sections we are going to incorporate within the website so it matches the brochure.
Lamon and I spoke about adjustments to the website and logo
I worked on adjustments to the website - Changed background color, changed sections, adding a map and address.

2/7/21
Worked on adding a map to the webpage.
I wanted it to be the width of the web page but could not figure out how to stretch just the width.
Also changed the font size so it's larger.
Worked on the "About section" - I am not adding it in until approved by the team.

2/14/21
Changed the location of the map to the Parham Road Campus
Added a Log In button - I loke the way it looks but I dont like that it brings up the toggle menu the same way the "Menu" button does.
I tinkered with it but the only way I could stop it from showing the menu it lost the format
Added in testimonials and pricing.
I did some research on adding in a download button for the PDF manual. I need to follow up with professor Shelton. She mentioned she had videos she coulld send me.


2/21/21
Met with Prof. Shelton on Wednesday to get the login information to upload the website to the school server. - Note when I deleted the old version and tried to upload the most
most recent version, when I click the link provided it keeps taking me back to the old version...

Tinkered with the Log In button. I attempted to keep the format with out the menu popping up when you click it. I was able to take the menu off and keep the same font style, 
but it was above the menu button that made the height of the nav bar taller - I didnt like the way it looked. When I put in the code to get it on the same row the button was 
still misplaced. I decided to go a simpler route and add it to the menu bar instead.

Read over the information Prof. Shelton sent about the pop up. Due to me using a template it was diffcult for me to pick through all the code for the "fancy box" they used
to make the intended changes. It was also difficult to add in a download button on the "fancy box".I did some reserach and went a slightly different route. 
I created a separate html page for the User Guide and linked it to our home page. When you click the link it redirects you to a page where you can read over and/or download 
the user guide. I am really happy with the way it looks and the download button is already working!! Only thing I would like to change is instead of it redirecting the page 
I want to see if I can get it to create a separate tab.

2/27/21
Asked Stacy to upload her website in a zipped file so I can tinker with the colors and add in a mobile nav code so the menu will not collapse when the screen is minimized. 
I also want to add in the logo on her page.

Asked Patrick for the updated logo - Jeff has it but I would like to update the pricing section to match the brochure. I also want to make sure our bullet points are similar.

I added in an image in the product section for the example. Added in contents for the bullet points as a place holder until I receive the updated brochure.

Added in the link to Stacy's page so when you click the log in button it takes you to her page.

The website is wrapping up nicely. Only want to make a couple adjustments but all of it is on my "dream" list. Everything is functioning.

Dream List - adjust the format of the "about" section. I also would like to figure out how to avoid the page redirecting to the manual. I would prefer a separate tab to open.

3/7/21
I met with Stacy and Colin to get assistance with opening the code to their webpage in visual studios. We were successful. I was able to open the code in visual studios.

I left visual studios up and running so I would not lose the code. I started editing the code to change the color but when I click the button to run the code it says that I need an updated system for it to run on the browser? 

SUPER frustrating.... I will address this with Stacy and Colin tomorrow.

I did research and found a mobile nav code to try and fix the menu from collapsing when the browser is minimized.

3/13/21
I sent Stacy the link to the color code for the yellow that I used on the webpage. We are still meeting on Monday so I can check in and see if she needs assistance.
I have been researching codes for the menu and I found a couple options. I sent one to Stacy but it doesnt match the format she currently has.
I am going to talk to Stacy to see how open she is about changing the format of the menu if necessary.
I am extremely frustrated with Visual Studios. I feel handicapped in helping Stacy and Colin with their webpage because I am not able to test the codes that I give them.
I have unistalled and reinstalled Visual Studios and had Colin and Stacy walk through opening their codes and it is still not working.

I took the time to download a template and emptied it to just the menu that is a similar format to Stacy's. I did this as a start from scratch to test codes to fix her menu.

3/22/21
Stacy let me know that the menu code I sent her fixed the menu!
I plan on talking to her tonight about the color scheme.

Goals for this week:
Fix any formatting things on our website that don't look right to me - The about section.
I need to get with Jeff to find out if our social media dummy accounts are working and link them if they are.
Work with Stacy to get the colors for her webpage to match ours.

3/28/21
Met with Stacy for 30 mins on Wed. to mess with the colors on her webpage. We tried to change one thing but it didnt work and we got stuck. 
Stacy sent me the some of her folders. I messed around and one code stuck out to me that makes me think its the reason the color didnt change. 
I have a couple things in mind to test out with her tomorrow.

Researched different hover codes to make the links on Stacy and Colins page stand out a little more.
I found 1 that I want to try and see how it looks. I sent the code to Stacy on slack.

Turned in my short bio and a pic. for Patrick to add to the user manual.

Added in the social media links for twitter and instagram. I have to get rid of my linked in icon and replace it with tumbler.

Corrected the formatting of the aboout section. I centered everything.

Lamon only sent me the css page for his feather bullet points. I tinkered with it but couldnt get it to work. I plan on meeting with Amanda tomorrow during office hours.
My brain stopped working so I had to call it quits.

4/4/21
I unfortunately had a family emergency that resulted in an unexpected trip out of town.

I kept in touch with Lamon and Stacy. Lamon consistantly asks me what to do so I told him to research link styles.

I sent Stacy a couple suggestions on what to do to see if we can change the color of the menu. She responded and said nothing worked. 

 I sent Stacy a template that I broke down to try to assist with the menu colors.
 
 I also made sure to republished the updated website.

4/11/21
I met with Stacy and Professor Shelton for 30 minutes on Wed. to get the colors of Stacy's website resolved. I kept in touch with Stacy after the meeting. She was able to
change the color! 

I recieved the css file from Lamon, I had to request the HTML code as well. Unfortunately, I was not able to incorporate it in the website. The code he sent me is conflicting
with existing code with in our website. I responded to Lamon to update him and told him I will add it to our dream list and that it might not be included in the final project.
I also mentioned that I personally dont like the bullet points he sent me because thay are not feathers. Its an arrow with a feather at the end, I would prefer to leave the check
marks that I have.

I changed our linked in icon to tumblr and added our link. I also eliminated the Facebook icon since Facebook keeps deleting our dummy page.

I updated the pricing section of the website to match what Jeff had included on the brochure.

I went through the entire webpage to review grammar and spelling. I capitalized all incidents of Syllabus and Best to match the user manual.

4/16/21
Met with Colin for about an hour trying to format their webpage. Stacy joined us as well.

I researched codes on how to center a column for Colin. We were able to put what he wanted in a column but could not figure out how to center the column so the formatting looked
better. Stacy made some suggestions and they ended up going in a different direction for the format.

I figured out how to open a new tab when you click on buttons compared to the page being redirected.

I had trouble uploading the webpage to the server. I finally realized I wasn't putting it in the CompanyWebsite folder and that's why no one could get to it.

I linked the Start a Syllabus button to Colin and Stacy's home page. I linked the login button straight to Colin and Stacy's log in page.

Centered the Address at the bottom of the webpage.

Sent Bob the link for our user manual. He responded that the manual wasnt loading because I sent the link from my personal drive. 
I sent him the correct link and the most recent version of the manual as a PDF.

4/25/21
Met with the team for an hour on Sunday to dicuss the agenda for presentation night and did a walk through.

Sent the programmers a code for a print button if they choose to put it on the finished syllabus page.

Sent Stacy the code to open a new tab instead of redirecting the page.
